every year millions of animals migrate
home but some are better at it than
others
we're in New York yeah I said wait this
isn't New York well how do we move
through Europe without attracting
attention no you do thanks we're gonna
get off the next stop so we can get back
to America circus animals only but we
are really this summer in order to get
home we will come up with something
that'll blow everyone away no I'll do
whatever it takes to get back
well that was worth the price of
admission
what are you doing Seavers can't drive
these penguins and people can drive
towards madagascar 3 europe's most
wanted in three days this is not first
class
I'm sexy and I know it has anyone ever
told you that you look like a supermodel
whoa what woman